# gas-station

This project is a Fuel Station Management System. In this context, you are a large corporate fuel company that wants to facilitate management at gas stations.

When the user selects the 1st option, The program should create a new Station object and add it to the stationArray. So firstly, the program should ask the station name and station ID and by using this information, it should create the Station object.

When the user selects the 2nd option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a Gasoline object by requesting the information from the user. This Gasoline object then should be added to the gasolineArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 3rd option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a Diesel object by requesting the information from the user. This Diesel object then should be added to the dieselArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 4th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should print all of the Gasoline and Diesel inventory by iterating over the gasolineArray and dieselArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 5th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a GasolineService object by requesting the information (car plate, liters, and coupon) from the user. The program should check if there is enough gasoline in the station before initiating the transaction. If there is not enough gasoline, then it should print “Not enough gasoline in the station!”. If everything is ok, the program should initiate the transaction by calling the makeTransaction() method by passing the average gasoline price in this particular station. The liter of gasoline that the customer bought should be deducted from the total gasoline liter count of the station. Then, this GasolineService object should be added to the serviceArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 6th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a DieselService object by requesting the information (car plate, liters, and anti-freeze) from the user. The program should check if there is enough diesel in the station before initiating the transaction. If there is not enough diesel, then it should print “Not enough diesel in the station!”. If everything is ok, the program should initiate the transaction by calling the makeTransaction() method by passing the average diesel price in this particular station. The liter of diesel that the customer bought should be deducted from the total diesel liter count of the station. Then, this DieselService object should be added to the serviceArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 7th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a CarWash object by requesting the information (car plate) from the user. Then, this CarWash object should be added to the serviceArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 8th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should print all of the GasolineService and DieselService records by iterating over the serviceArray of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”. The services should be sorted in default manner according to their prices.

When the user selects the 9th option, A sub-menu should appear to ask for personnel or manager. Then, the program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. When the object is found, then the program should create a Personnel/Manager object by requesting the information from the user. Then, this Personnel/Manager object should be added to the personList of the corresponding Station object. If there are no Stations in the stationArray with the given ID, then the program should print “No station found with the given ID!”.

When the user selects the 10th option, The program should ask for a station ID to search the stationArray and find the Station object that has the given ID. The program should call the calculate() method of each object and calculate the overall profit (weather - or +) of the station. Note that you can use an ArrayList to add all the applicable objects when adding them to their respective arrays.

When the user selects the 11th option, The services should be sorted according to their car plates by the help of a Comparator.

When a user selects the 0th option, Your application should terminate.
